yeah yeah Susan thank you very much
hey I like to schedule appointment by
honest um uh hey washroom bubble bath
yes you're I'm Trixie yes
huh okay place and we knew and just tell
them to pick you up okay then I guess
I'll watch some TV outside it's working
Martha before I change here's a list of
instructions for when I'm human
one don't let me hurt anyone but kind of
a but you know what humans are like -
don't let me eat pears
I hate pears well it's just me gonna get
you so late I'm too skinny
oh hi I'm cream Trixie um come with me
and all right here okay what did you
want today and they wanted a bubble bath
and a hair I'm washing okay um I'll get
materials for the bubble bath please
step in the tub okay I'll sticky like
some soap of course um there and guess
that's it now
get over there okay there are materials
so let's get started um what do you want
to go first your spine will be
your spine will be hey you're done and
um what dress sit here and dry I put the
materials away okay okay the soap goes
over here and Disher and shampoo go over
you that good am I done yet
not quite now what you need is a
hairbrush
okay now please sit in the chair but not
like a Riveter like this we sit in it
like this your head in the bucket okay
like this yes exactly
now I'm gonna go get some soap on my
hands and more sure your hair okay that
lets us soap on my hands not to get
started okay you're done and you can
stand up now okay
and go to the front desk and pay high oh
you might see much feel so much better
yes I do then how much was it
I'm gonna be out ten dollars okay you go
thank you have a nice day I will hmm I
should go shopping